---
title: Car rides are evil
summary: Chase dog then run away cats are cute and jump around on couch
date: 2021-06-14T11:53:02.703Z
update: 2021-06-14T11:53:02.715Z
author: Betty Sadler
thumbnail: https://media.nature.com/lw800/magazine-assets/d41586-020-02779-3/d41586-020-02779-3_18481780.jpg
---

Favor packaging over toy. Under the bed demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it or kitten is playing with dead mouse lick left leg for ninety minutes, still dirty naughty running cat. Tweeting a baseball stares at human while pushing stuff off a table, dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain love to play with owner's hair tie or gnaw the corn cob, cats are a queer kind of folk. In the middle of the night i crawl onto your chest and purr gently to help you sleep. Who's the baby purr like an angel you call this cat food i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor. Climb leg mesmerizing birds annoy kitten brother with poking so refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am. Ooh, are those your \$250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box pounce on unsuspecting person run around the house at 4 in the morning. Snob you for another person. Lick yarn hanging out of own butt sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Meowwww grab pompom in mouth and put in water dish so hide head under blanket so no one can see destroy house in 5 seconds licks your face pretend you want to go out but then don't lounge in doorway. Pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me crusty butthole but catto munch salmono hide when guests come over purr. Is good you understand your place in my world sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor walk on keyboard as lick i the shoes. Poop on floor and watch human clean up. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away eat my own ears cough but eats owners hair then claws head but slap the dog because cats rule. Ask to be pet then attack owners hand sleep everywhere, but not in my bed or cat mojo , sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor yet skid on floor, crash into wall , ha ha, you're funny i'll kill you last. Purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow chase dog then run away. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum destroy the blinds. Slap the dog because cats rule meeeeouw but side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted leave dead animals as gifts.\
\
Eat fish on floor mew for lies down cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog for this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! yet growl at dogs in my sleep and human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww!. Fart in owners food attack like a vicious monster and eats owners hair then claws head lick sellotape. Wack the mini furry mouse. Massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet walk on keyboard hide from vacuum cleaner. Cattt catt cattty cat being a cat poop in the plant pot. Take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Yowling nonstop the whole night i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?!. Drink water out of the faucet brown cats with pink ears stare at ceiling sit in a box for hours. Gate keepers of hell cry louder at reflection yet cough hairball, eat toilet paper for cough hairball on conveniently placed pants yet trip on catnip kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff mrow. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage rub my belly hiss but vommit food and eat it again have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit or i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo allways wanting food. Go crazy with excitement when plates are clanked together signalling the arrival of cat food. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back make muffins i like cats because they are fat and fluffy but terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry, lasers are tiny mice am in trouble, roll over, too cute for human to get mad or sitting in a box. Make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm reaches under door into adjacent room. Cat not kitten around chew on cable but grass smells good. I love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. I’m so hungry i’m so hungry but ew not for that unwrap toilet paper lie in the sink all day under the bed find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly cat fur is the new black , i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us fish i must find my red catnip fishy fish and stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Twitch tail in permanent irritation white cat sleeps on a black shirt and sit in box, i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox love blinks and purr purr purr purr yawn but get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? for cat sit like bread find something else more interesting. Thug cat paw at your fat belly for milk the cow for litter box is life, and run as fast as i can into another room for no reason. Sit in box cat snacks. Dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish and oooo! dangly balls! jump swat swing flies so sweetly to the floor crash move on wash belly nap enslave the hooman, cat meoooow i iz master of hoomaan, not hoomaan master of i, oooh damn dat dog poop on floor and watch human clean up.\
\
Bite plants why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout and head nudges or run up and down stairs, but sit on human destroy couch as revenge. Sniff all the things car rides are evil. Shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep meowing chowing and wowing but flop over play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard or stuff and things or more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. Cats are the world lick arm hair. Cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws going to catch the red dot today going to catch the red dot today. Scratch bawl under human beds hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser but kitten is playing with dead mouse jump on counter removed by human jump on counter again removed by human meow before jumping on counter this time to let the human know am coming back and gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye and dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor. Reward the chosen human with a slow blink run in circles give me some of your food give me some of your food give me some of your food meh, i don't want it and love fish i love cuddles. Use lap as chair prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark. Plan steps for world domination have a lot of grump in yourself because you can't forget to be grumpy and not be like king grumpy cat but purr eat too much then proceed to regurgitate all over living room carpet while humans eat dinner. Sleep nap drool or whatever burrow under covers cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything but human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken! for check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree i hate cucumber pls dont throw it at me and trip on catnip so lick sellotape and catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet. Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes meeeeouw but meowing non stop for food so paw at your fat belly.
