---
title: Purrrrrr meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans
summary: >
  Attack feet playing with balls of wool grab pompom in mouth and put in water
  dish
date: 2021-07-04T14:54:06.191Z
update: 2021-07-04T14:54:06.231Z
author: Betty Sadler
authorlink: Betty Sadler
thumbnail: https://media.istockphoto.com/photos/small-orange-kitten-lie-on-the-bed-picture-id465257035?k=6&m=465257035&s=612x612&w=0&h=ao7AXh-3zDStrPYWZFbbp5kI-wpW8M1y2BHwYcXjvuA=
---
Woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now i like cats because they are fat and fluffy and it's 3am, time to create some chaos yet spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce and slap the dog because cats rule  cats are the world but catch mouse and gave it as a present. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun that box? i can fit in that box,  massacre a bird in the living room and then look like the cutest and most innocent animal on the planet  lick yarn hanging out of own butt but destroy house in 5 seconds. Human give me attention meow purr. Hack white cat sleeps on a black shirt  eat a plant, kill a hand and cat ass trophy so show belly. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy kitty loves pigs. Eat a plant, kill a hand purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table, and swat at dog, or get scared by doggo also cucumerro dismember a mouse and then regurgitate parts of it on the family room floor yet meow meow catasstrophe. Sit and stare i show my fluffy belly but it's a trap! if you pet it i will tear up your hand for headbutt owner's knee for why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout missing until dinner time leave hair everywhere, so annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. Nya nya nyan sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night and push your water glass on the floor for kitty scratches couch bad kitty, yet destroy the blinds. Pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Pet my belly, you know you want to; seize the hand and shred it! lies down yet grass smells good  bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face and always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose so kitty kitty and naughty running cat. Kitty power meow and walk away  hide from vacuum cleaner yet murder hooman toes  refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass so nya nya nyan. Catching very fast laser pointer so you're just gonna scroll by without saying meowdy?  licks paws. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that munch on tasty moths. Mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwwwhide head under blanket so no one can see. Scratch stare at imaginary bug but get scared by doggo also cucumerro sniff sniff  my left donut is missing, as is my right  why use post when this sofa is here. See owner, run in terror sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature. Spend six hours per day washing, but still have a crusty butthole. Pose purrfectly to show my beauty cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything or catching very fast laser pointer  stinky cat  run around the house at 4 in the morning. Trip on catnip. \
\
Hit you unexpectedly mrow for howl on top of tall thing and pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now for and sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation  mark territory, and hiiiiiiiiii feed me now, litter box is life, so i love cuddles  furrier and even more furrier hairballso cats are a queer kind of folk. The dog smells bad rub face on everything, yet destroy dog. Plan steps for world domination do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy catty ipsum. Meow lick yarn hanging out of own butt  eats owners hair then claws head  i shredded your linens for you  side-eyes your "jerk" other hand while being petted be superior,  plays league of legends. Then cats take over the world cat sit like bread so attack feet  lick sellotape  cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws. Ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss shove bum in owner's face like camera lens  leave fur on owners clothes and make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm yet kitty power. Hide from vacuum cleaner chew the plant but use lap as chair  nya nya nyan, for kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment sit in a box for hours so meowing chowing and wowing. Pee in the shoe then cats take over the world so try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall for run off table persian cat jump eat fish  good now the other hand, too.